Today we will cook New Year's roll
for its preparation we will need
one pita
3 eggs 1 tomato 1 chicken ham
mayonnaise and ketchup and 100 grams of crab
chopsticks
fry ham first
broth eggs
level pita bread
let's smear it with mayonnaise in my case
cream cheese about chick with mayonnaise then
put crab sticks can be cut
their cubes
or else grate
on top of the crab roll out cut
finely eggs
then put the tomato slices and
salt it a little that you were not tasteless
to taste
meat separate from bones and also
we will cut
for those who do not like meat can be replaced
his fish with smeared mayonnaise
and
he
and put lettuce leaves
and slowly
very gently begin to roll
roll
using the ketchup bag
we will make a zigzag on the steering wheel
and write a number
eleven
that's what we got pleasant
appetite